okay these are uh this is a brake
caliper new I rebuilt one then I'm going
to install and if you'll notice there's
a little rubber isolator this is the one
on the other side that belonged here
yeah I just made a rubber can be bent
well what that does is it causes the
pads to when the pads are resting here
did not go flat against the piston it's
good for noise isolation but the problem
is it isn't good for precise braking
these are what they call maximum
motorsport stainless steel bushings
they're made of hard metal and these are
going to be used to replace these rubber
ones when you one step here so you can
see that this is gonna replace that but
instead of rubber it's just gonna be
hard metal and so the metal will be more
accurate
it's already on this side I just
something for last mile take a
hammer small piece of wood just to make
sure mess up the surface that's it
you can see here that it is now a metal
bushing am I gonna do the same for this
side okay since this is a full system
replacement decided to upgrade to
stainless steel braided brake lines I
got these from 500 resto I think you can
also get them from EXO motorsports it
says stop tech on it but I think this is
what motor for business hub like they
see the label what you get is a
stainless steel braided line and
essentially a slight different fitting
you have a mounting bolt now here's
what's interesting
here's all the bits and pieces that go
with it the new fluid bolt the camps but
this is different
because on the factory one you'll see
that it has a factory bracket and I need
to actually grind it off so I drill a
hole put this through it and mount this
in place of the bracket let me go get
the other piece and that's to I'm
talking
this is the factory bracket the factory
rubber hose now you see this bracket is
actually attached at the bottom of this
rectangular tube is just essentially
shot peened so I have to grind this off
and then drill a hole through this
existing bracket so I cannot place this
on top of that one there so this is the
one on the rear axle this is the center
part both of these lines feed the two
drops and this is the existing banjo
fitting that will be replaced with a new
one this is the factory bracket it's
upside down here the two brake lines for
the drums so I'm supposed to grind this
off and then drill a hole through it so
that I can put the the new stainless
steel brake line so I'm just gonna go
and grind this off
there we are please remove the bracket
I'll probably go ahead and read drill it
for a round hole up here or maybe use
that that extra looks pretty good
keep in mind you saw the sparks you want
to keep a fire Easterners nearby if you
have any flammables but that's it
their moves that I just have to remove
these lines notice that you got brass
fillings that are around here you want
to clean everything make sure none of
that stuff gets inside the lines this
particular case this line is being
thrown away and these are still sealed
so I'm going to clean it up and install
the other part so here's a comparison of
the old and the new caliper this is the
new one with the metal fittings I put
here compared to this one having the
rubber rubber settings here down at the
bottom the rubber pins
this one has brake pads this is the new
one and that has not yet I'll be putting
those later
okay these are the stainless steel brake
lines that I'm replacing this is the
original rubber one you can see that
it's pretty old for eighteen years and
this is actually the bracket that it
goes into I'll be putting this like this
which the line is then clipped here and
so this replaces the rubber line with a
stainless steel braided one it allows
the braking effort to be much firmer
because rubber hose is not expanding
this is a stop tech slash maximum
motorsports line that I got from $5.00
resto so this is a popular pretty